"spacing for chained d3 methods is inconsistent". Disagree. If you indent with 2 spaces everything is aligned, with "." that break the chain underneath each other. 

"Also, the y-axis is typically seen as a dependent variable and the x-axis as independent, so it seem as if age somehow affects fare". Disagree. Scatterplots do not have to have this dependent/independent variable arrangement. These were two quantitative data that was available so they were plotted as such. Further, it is logical because wealth generally increases with age (since it is expected that those of older age could have accumulated more wealth) and purchased a more expensive ticket.

"I suggest referring to the article and using the encoding with the highest ranking first, and then go down the list until all of your desired dimensions have been encoded (within reason of course, too many can be overwhelming)". Disagree. As the article suggest, 'That’s sounds like an invitation to break some “rules” if you ask me. We might even be able to do certain things that push those error bars further left. That’s for another post though. The keyword is framework. Start with the visual fundamentals along with other important stuff, like context, the audience, and what you’re trying to accomplish, and you’ll be in good shape.' Further, followup with my personal reviewers indicated that the message that I was directing was more focused and they were ok with the visualization. Because binary values such as male/female have less error rates, there is less issue with using color as an encoding. If the reviewer has a specific example to share, I would welcome this suggestion. In fact, my choice of fading and data highlighting was driven by the ideas that the reviewers were finding and I aligned with.

"Please refer to my comments (and link) above about the best choice of visual encoding for each dimension." As stated above, when showing my Rev 1 graphic to my personal reviewers, they felt that the finding was clearly communicated. This is a very subjective criterion. 

"Because of the choice of visual encodings, I do not think that a viewer would identify the main point that gender and fare are most important in determining survivorship." This is a subjective statement. As an experienced scientist with experience creating complex high-dimensional visualizations, my colleagues would agree. 

"There is a slight transition which adds transparency to the male points but this does not add any information the viewer gets from the visualization. The animation or interaction must enhance the understanding of the data by providing some additional information." Disagree. The presenting of all the data in one opacity (males, females, survived, dead) shows the reader the entirety of the dataset, then fading of the males to the background, highlights that most of the green-outlined females that paid >50 fare were survivors. 

"Some design decisions are not mentioned in the Design portion of the README (fare and age as a positional encoding and family size). For the visual encodings that are mentioned (color for gender and color for survival), the reasoning behind their choices is not explained. WHY was color chose for both gender and survivorship? Explaining the rationale for these choices will also help you in deciding whether or not they are the right ones." See revised README.md for reasoning. 

"It's unclear, however, if there was feedback received from 3 or more sources. Is each bullet point a different source? I think it would be better to use a heading for each source (or something else that makes it apparent that there were 3 sources), like '#### Feedback 1' etc." See revised README.md for better labeling of reviewers.

"The previous versions of the visualization do not render. There is a chart but no bubbles/data inside. Please make sure that at least 1 previous version renders for the next submission." Yes, this was addressed by the previous reviewer. Changing the directory location fixes this issue.  
